I think the culture that I most identify with is white, upper middle class
American. I don't even know if an American is a culture, but I
think it might be, um I definitely grew up, I would say, surrounded
mostly by white people until I moved to Hawaii, and then it was very
different. Um, in Hawaii, the I don't know what culture actually dominates
because there are a lot of different, um, Asian cultures that
are their own unique cultures. So collectively, I guess they dominate
numbers wise, but they're not a single entity. So So it z not that,
but white people are not the majority. I could definitely I can
say that. Um, so that was very different on drily. Awesome, too, because
it just, you know, show me a different perspective on life that
there are a lot of different ways to be their different family structures.
They're different foods, They're different traditions and customs.
And I think that that z one of my favorite things, actually about
growing up in Hawaii, Um, I think that my culture in California
when I was a kid was much more homogenized. Um, and it was very much
like, yeah, white, middle to upper middle class, professional, you
know. But that's about it, So yeah,